Applying to Ada Developers Academy is a stressful, opaque process which I thought would be easier to navigate with the support of a community. After receiving my acceptance call from Ada, I created an online space to bridge the gap between prospective students and alumni, a supportive community guiding new applicants through the process. I also created a spreadsheet for applicants to fill with their timeline dates for each step (technical challenge, technical interview and final interview), in order to establish a database for future cohorts and help demystify the process. The group has been steadily growing with each cohort, and I noticed a lot of the same questions coming up again and again. I thought it would be useful to have an online collection of questions and answers for members to ask and reply to, with a potential additional feature allowing users to visualize the previous applicants' data from the spreadsheet. 

Q&Ada Video Intro: https://youtu.be/mYcnFFHjj1g

My capstone project is a dynamic website allowing users to read, filter, post, upvote/downvote and answer questions. Visitors may read and filter questions by topic, while logged in users have access to all features via added options on the left side menu.

The plan was to deepen my Python, JavaScript and React knowledge while integrating some of the tech stack I would be using during my upcoming internship, namely GraphQL and Docker. After realizing my progression with GraphQL would not allow me to finish the project on time, I made a switch to Firebase. This change of direction taught me that critical decisions have to be made for the good of the project, and to remain open to change. I learned to pace myself, take short breaks when being stuck, and ask for help when my allotted time for troubleshooting was up; this helped access new ideas and keep the project on schedule. I learned that I am deeply dedicated to getting things done well, that bringing a project to term is extremely fulfilling, and that I am resilient and resourceful.

Q&Ada Front End:
https://github.com/Parseluni/adaqna-frontend-firebase
